Docs for Immersive Intelligence mod (1.12.2) (#503)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/Mods/Immersive_Intelligence/CraftTweaker_Support/Machinegun.md

::requiredMod[Immersive Intelligence]{builtIn=true modLink=https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-intelligence}

# Machinegun

> The `Machinegun` package can be used to tweak coolant fluids accepted by the II Machinegun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Machinegun` package can be used to tweak coolant fluids accepted by the Immersive Intelligence Machinegun.
```

## Importing the Package

```zenscript
import mods.immersiveintelligence.Machinegun;
```

## Adding/Setting a Coolant

### Parameters

| Type                                                  | Name    | Required |
|-------------------------------------------------------|---------|----------|
| [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/ILiquidStack/) | Coolant | Yes      |
| int                                                   | Amount  | Yes      |

### Syntax

```zenscript
mods.immersiveintelligence.Machinegun.addCoolant(ILiquidStack fuelEntry, int amountPerUse);
mods.immersiveintelligence.Machinegun.setCoolAmount(ILiquidStack fuelEntry, int amountPerUse);
```

> The methods accept the same parameters, but they serve different purpose.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The methods accept the same parameters, but they serve different purposes.  
```
